We've seen one of our requirements then
is now that we have a greeting object
that I can output a greeting based on
a language and whether it's formal or not.
I'd like to actually be able to use it.
One way would be to simply use
the greeting or formal greeting
methods on the object and manually
update my web application, for example.
But I'd like to add a bit of jQuery
support to make it easier for
any developers using this.
They could just give it a selector and
the selector would then be used
to create a jQuery object and
then we fill the text of that element.
Now, let's try it.
I've added a bit of HTML
to our index.html, just so
that we can use jQuery.
I have this logindiv and inside of it I
have a select with the id of language.
And it's English and Spanish options,
where the values is those en and
es that are standard, and
we're using inside our greeter object.
Then I have a button, called Login.
We're imagining that this
is some kind of login page.
And a spot where I'd like to drop
my greeting after the login, and
I gave it an ID so I could find it
with jQuery, called a Greeting.
So when I update this, I just have
a little drop down and a login button.
And I still have my app.js code,
where I have my chainable methods.
I greeted and I changed the language and
I greeted again, but formal.
I can even set the log,
if I want to log this, use that.
So all of that is working.
Now I'd like to add a method
that accepts a jQuery selector.
And then updates whatever the selector is.
So I challenge you to try doing that
if you're familiar with jQuery.
If you're not you just come along for
the ride.
But if you're familiar with jQuery,
I challenge you to make
a method on the prototype
that accepts a selector.
And whether or not it's a formal greeting,
and then uses jQuery to update the value.
And the selector will
probably be #greeting,
because that's what I'm gonna pass.
But it should accept any selector, any
string, create a jQuery object form it and
update the text inside this here,
update the HTML.
You can go ahead and give that a try.
As a clue your gonna need to put it inside
this prototype object literal declaration.
All right, here we go.
I'm gonna do HTMLGreeting,
that's what I call it,
you can call it whatever you want.
It's a function that takes a selector for
jQuery and whether or not it's formal.
I'm gonna make sure that I have jQuery.
So if jQuery isn't around then maybe I'll
throw and error something like that.
jQuery not loaded.
And there might be other errors that
would happen if jQuery wasn't loaded, but
just to be sure.
And if I don't have a selector
I'm gonna throw my own error.
Missing jQuery selector,
or something like that.
And then I'm gonna do
a same little bit of code.
I could refactor this
into a separate function,
but we'll just show it here so it's clear.
So I'm just saying depending on whether
you give me a formal parameter or not.
That's the string that I'll use.
Now I'm gonna use jQuery.
Cuz remember I passed jQuery
down into the function.
Although it is available globally,
so I didn't have to.
But I'm encapsulating this just in case
someday someone decides to use something
that's an alternative to jQuery.
They wanna pass a different variable here.
I don't care,
as long as it works the same as jQuery.
So I can use my dollar sign.
That's whatever was passed to me that
represents jQuery or something like it.
And I'll just pass the selector.
Because this function takes a string.
So I'm just gonna pass it down
into my jQuery object and
I'll set the HTML to the screening.
And let's make this chainable.
All right.
So I have a jQuery
method that accepts a selector,
a jQuery selector and
whether or not it's a formal greeting and
sets up the greeting itself.
And then updates whatever value is there.
Now I need to do a little
bit more validation of
what the results of the selector are but
that could be for another day.
And then I'm making it chainable.
All right, so we have a complete
little mini framework/library.
Let's use it.